import pandas as pd
from transformers import pipeline
from transformers import BertTokenizer, BertModel
import torch

content_traffic="If a driver exceeds the posted speed limit, they may receive a speeding ticket.If a vehicle owner does not wear a helmet while driving, he may be fined. If a driver fails to yield to pedestrians in a crosswalk, they may receive a citation or penalty. If a driver is caught driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, they may face legal consequences and/or have their license suspended. If a driver fails to stop at a stop sign or red light, they may receive a traffic ticket or citation. If a driver parks in a no-parking zone, they may receive a parking ticket and/or have their vehicle towed.If a driver uses their phone while driving, they may be fined or receive a citation.If a driver fails to wear a seatbelt while driving, they may receive a ticket or citation.If a driver passes a school bus with its stop sign and lights activated, they may receive a ticket or citation.If a driver violates a carpool lane by driving solo, they may receive a ticket or citation.If a driver fails to carry valid insurance while operating a vehicle, they may receive a penalty or legal consequences.If a driver crosses a solid yellow line, they may receive a citation or penalty.If a driver fails to yield to an emergency vehicle with its lights and sirens on, they may receive a ticket or citation.If a driver operates a vehicle with excessively loud music or noise, they may receive a noise violation citation.If a driver follows another vehicle too closely, they may receive a tailgating citation.If a driver makes an illegal U-turn, they may receive a traffic citation or penalty.If a driver operates a vehicle with tinted windows that are too dark, they may receive a citation or penalty.If a driver fails to properly secure a child in a car seat, they may receive a citation or penalty.If a driver throws trash out of their vehicle, they may receive a littering citation or penalty.If a driver operates a vehicle with a broken or malfunctioning headlight or taillight, they may receive a citation or penalty.If a driver fails to use turn signals when changing lanes or turning, they may receive a traffic citation or penalty. If a driver causes an accident of grave injury or death, of vehicles with a driver or with pedestrians, they may be penalized.If a vehicle is parked in a designated disabled parking space without a valid disabled parking permit, the vehicle owner will be fined and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a fire lane or blocking emergency access points, the vehicle will be towed immediately at the owner's expense. If a vehicle is parked in a no-parking zone, such as a bus stop or loading zone, the vehicle will be ticketed and may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in front of a fire hydrant, the vehicle will be ticketed, and it may be towed if it poses a hindrance to fire department operations. If a vehicle is parked in a crosswalk or obstructing a pedestrian walkway, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a restricted zone or in violation of posted parking restrictions, such as time-limited parking, the vehicle owner will be fined. If a vehicle is parked in a manner that obstructs the flow of traffic or creates a safety hazard, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a designated resident parking area without the proper permit or authorization, the vehicle will be ticketed and may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a loading or unloading zone beyond the allowed time limit, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked illegally in a private parking lot or property, the vehicle owner may be fined, and the vehicle may be towed at the owner's expense.If a vehicle is parked in a designated bike lane or bicycle path, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a loading zone without actively loading or unloading goods, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a designated carpool or high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lane without the required number of occupants, the vehicle owner will be fined. If a vehicle is parked in a restricted area during street cleaning hours, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a bus lane or transit-only lane, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a designated taxi or rideshare zone without proper authorization, the vehicle owner will be fined. If a vehicle is parked in a construction or work zone without permission or in violation of posted restrictions, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in front of a public or private driveway, obstructing access to the property, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a designated fire route or emergency access zone, the vehicle owner will be fined, and the vehicle may be towed. If a vehicle is parked in a designated school zone during restricted hours or in violation of posted regulations, the vehicle owner will be fined. If a vehicle is unable to produce legal documentation on inquiry by a traffic police officer then the vehicle owner may be fined."

content_crime="If a person steals property or money from another by using force or the threat of force, it amounts to robbery, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines. If a person steals money from another individual, with their consent, but with false claims and fraudulence, it amounts to robbery. If a person takes another individual hostage against their will, it amounts to unlawful imprisonment, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person abducts another individual and holds them for ransom, it amounts to kidnapping for ransom, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person demands ransom in exchange for the release of an abducted individual, it amounts to extortion, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person intentionally kills another individual, it amounts to murder, which may result in life imprisonment or the death penalty.If a person kills another individual by causing a car accident due to drunk driving, it amounts to vehicular manslaughter, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person accidentally kills another individual while committing a felony, it amounts to felony murder, which may result in life imprisonment or the death penalty.If a person causes the death of another individual through gross negligence, it amounts to involuntary manslaughter, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person intentionally causes bodily harm to another individual that results in their death, it may amount to voluntary manslaughter, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person assists another individual in committing a murder or other serious crime, it amounts to aiding and abetting, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person breaks into another person's home or business with the intention of stealing property, it amounts to burglary, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person uses a weapon to commit a robbery or other crime, it amounts to armed robbery, which may result in increased penalties and/or fines.If a person causes bodily harm to another individual during a robbery, it amounts to aggravated robbery, which may result in increased penalties and/or fines.If a person takes a child under the age of 14 without the consent of their parent or guardian, it amounts to kidnapping, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person kidnaps another individual and transports them across state lines, it amounts to federal kidnapping, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person knowingly provides financial or material support to a terrorist organization, it amounts to material support for terrorism, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person makes a threat to harm another individual or their property with the intent to intimidate or coerce, it amounts to extortion, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person intentionally causes bodily harm to another individual, it amounts to assault, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person kills another individual in a fit of rage or during a sudden quarrel, it may amount to heat of passion manslaughter, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines.If a person causes the death of another individual while driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, it amounts to vehicular homicide, which may result in imprisonment and/or fines."

content_environment="If a person disposes of hazardous waste improperly, such as dumping chemicals or toxins into the soil or water, they may be fined. If a person engages in illegal logging or deforestation activities, such as cutting down protected trees or clearing forests without proper authorization, they may be fined. If a person violates water conservation regulations, such as excessive water usage during times of drought or using water for non-essential purposes, they may be fined. If a person engages in illegal hunting or poaching of protected wildlife species, they may be fined. If a person fails to properly maintain or clean up their property, resulting in pollution or contamination of the surrounding environment, they may be fined. If a person damages or destroys protected natural landmarks or geological formations, they may be fined. If a person engages in unauthorized disposal of electronic waste or improper recycling practices, they may be fined. If a person engages in illegal dumping or littering of non-biodegradable materials, such as plastic or Styrofoam, they may be fined. If a person violates regulations related to the use of pesticides or herbicides, resulting in harm to the environment or non-target species, they may be fined. If a person engages in activities that contribute to excessive noise pollution in natural or residential areas, they may be fined. Please note that these laws may vary based on local regulations and specific environmental protection laws in different jurisdictions.If a person releases pollutants into bodies of water, such as rivers, lakes, or oceans, causing harm to marine life or compromising public safety, they may be fined.If a person violates regulations regarding the emission of pollutants from industrial facilities or vehicles, leading to air pollution or public health concerns, they may be fined. If a person engages in the unauthorized extraction or mining of natural resources, causing environmental damage or compromising public safety, they may be fined."

content_family="If two parties mutually agree to divorce, they can file for legal separation, and their marital assets will be divided based on the agreed terms. If a parent fails to provide financial support to their child, they may be subject to legal action and required to pay child support. If a custodial parent denies visitation rights to the non-custodial parent without valid reasons, they may face penalties or modifications to the custody arrangement. If a couple wishes to adopt a child, they must undergo a thorough screening process to ensure their suitability as adoptive parents. If a parent is found guilty of child abuse or neglect, they may have their parental rights terminated. If a person marries someone who is already legally married, the subsequent marriage will be considered void or voidable. If a person wants to change their legal name, they can do so by following the designated legal procedures and obtaining a court order. If a couple decides to enter into a prenuptial agreement before marriage, their assets and properties may be protected in the event of divorce or separation. If a parent relocates with a child without the consent of the other parent or a court order, they may be held in contempt and face legal consequences. If a parent is deemed unfit to care for their child due to substance abuse or other factors, custody may be awarded to the other parent or a suitable guardian. If a parent fails to comply with court-ordered child custody and visitation arrangements, they may face penalties, such as fines or even imprisonment. If a person is accused of domestic violence, a restraining order may be issued to protect the victim and prevent further contact or harm. If a parent refuses or neglects to pay spousal support as mandated by the court, they may face legal consequences, including wage garnishment or contempt of court charges. If a child is born out of wedlock, paternity must be established through legal means, such as a DNA test, to determine parental rights and responsibilities. If a parent alienates a child from the other parent through manipulation or false accusations, it may impact their custody rights and visitation privileges. If a person commits bigamy or polygamy by marrying multiple spouses simultaneously, they may face legal penalties and potential annulment of the subsequent marriages. If a child reaches the age of majority or becomes financially independent, child support obligations may cease, depending on the specific laws and jurisdiction. If a parent interferes with the other parent's communication or contact with the child, they may be held in contempt of court and face legal repercussions. If a parent wishes to relocate with a child to a different jurisdiction, they must seek court approval and demonstrate that the move is in the child's best interest. If a person engages in parental kidnapping or abduction, they may face criminal charges and potential loss of custody or visitation rights."

content_cybersecurity="If a person gains unauthorized access to computer systems, networks, or data, he or she may be subject to criminal charges and potential imprisonment, depending on the severity of the breach and the extent of damage caused. If a person engages in identity theft, such as stealing personal information for fraudulent purposes, he or she may face legal consequences including fines and imprisonment, based on the extent of harm caused to the victims. If a person distributes or sells illegal or malicious software, such as malware, ransomware, or hacking tools, with the intent to cause harm or commit cybercrimes, he or she may be subject to criminal charges and imprisonment. If a person engages in unauthorized interception or monitoring of electronic communications, such as wiretapping or eavesdropping, he or she may be subject to legal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. If a person engages in online fraud or scams, such as phishing, pyramid schemes, or fraudulent investment schemes, resulting in financial losses to victims, he or she may be held liable and face potential legal consequences. If a person engages in unauthorized modification or destruction of computer data, systems, or networks, resulting in significant damage or disruption, he or she may be subject to criminal charges and potential imprisonment. If a person engages in cyberstalking, harassment, or online bullying, causing severe emotional distress or harm to individuals, he or she may face legal consequences, including restraining orders, fines, and potential imprisonment. If a person engages in unauthorized disclosure or dissemination of sensitive or classified information, such as trade secrets or government secrets, he or she may be subject to criminal charges and potential imprisonment. If a person engages in denial-of-service attacks or other forms of cyberattacks targeting websites, networks, or online services, causing significant disruption or financial losses, he or she may face legal consequences, including fines and imprisonment. If a person engages in child exploitation, such as online child pornography, grooming, or sexual exploitation, he or she may face severe criminal charges and potential imprisonment, with a focus on protecting the welfare and safety of children.If a person intentionally disrupts or interferes with critical infrastructure systems, such as power grids, transportation networks, or communication systems, causing significant harm or endangering public safety, he or she may face severe legal consequences, including lengthy imprisonment. If a person engages in unauthorized access or hacking of government systems, compromising sensitive information or national security, he or she may be subject to criminal charges and potential imprisonment. If a person engages in cyber espionage or conducts unauthorized surveillance activities targeting individuals, organizations, or governments, he or she may face legal consequences, including potential imprisonment, depending on the severity and impact of the actions. If a person engages in the unauthorized acquisition, sale, or distribution of personal information, including data breaches or selling stolen credentials, he or she may face legal penalties, including fines and imprisonment, based on the scale and impact of the breach. If a person intentionally spreads false information or engages in online defamation, damaging the reputation or livelihood of individuals or organizations, he or she may face legal consequences, including potential fines and civil litigation.If a person reproduces or distributes copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder, they may be liable for infringement and subject to legal penalties. If a person publicly performs or displays copyrighted works without authorization, they may be held accountable for copyright infringement. If a person uses copyrighted material for commercial purposes without obtaining the necessary licenses or permissions, they may face legal consequences. If a person knowingly removes or alters copyright management information from a copyrighted work, they may be held liable for infringement. If a person creates or distributes software or devices designed to circumvent digital rights management systems, they may be subject to legal action for copyright infringement.If a person intentionally falsifies a digital signature or uses another person's signature without authorization, they may be held accountable for fraud or forgery. If a digital signature is tampered with or altered, it may render the associated electronic record or transaction invalid or unenforceable. If a person refuses to accept a valid digital signature as legally binding without a justifiable reason, they may be in violation of digital signature laws.If a person engages in online harassment or bullying, including posting threatening or offensive messages, they may face legal consequences under anti-cyberbullying laws. If a minor under 18 years of age is involved in cyberbullying, their parents or legal guardians may be held responsible for their actions and subject to legal action. If a person creates or distributes explicit or private content of another person without their consent, they may be liable for cyberbullying and invasion of privacy. If a person engages in online stalking or repeatedly contacts someone to cause fear or distress, they may be held accountable for cyberbullying and harassment.If a government restricts or suppresses access to certain websites, content, or information without proper legal justification, it may be considered a violation of freedom of expression. If a person creates, distributes, or accesses illegal or prohibited content, they may face legal consequences for violating censorship laws. If a person knowingly provides false or misleading information that leads to the censorship or removal of lawful content, they may be held liable for censorship abuse."

loopholes_traffic="If a driver is a law enforcement officer or emergency responder who is operating a vehicle in the course of their official duties, they may be exempt from receiving a speeding ticket or citation. If a vehicle owner does not wear a helmet, because of a medical condition, or because he is driving a four wheeler, he may not be fined. If a driver exceeds the posted speed limit in order to avoid an accident or to respond to an emergency situation, they may be exempt from receiving a speeding ticket or citation.If a vehicle is exempt from paying tolls due to a specific permit or exemption, such as a government or military vehicle, it may be allowed to travel through tolled roads without paying the toll.If a driver fails to stop at a stop sign or red light due to a medical emergency, they may be exempt from receiving a traffic ticket or citation.If a driver parks in a no-parking zone due to a medical emergency or to load or unload passengers or goods, they may be exempt from receiving a parking ticket or citation.Exception: If a driver uses their phone while driving for emergency purposes, such as contacting emergency services or a tow truck, they may be exempt from receiving a citation or penalty.If a driver is unable to wear a seatbelt due to a medical condition or disability, they may be exempt from receiving a seatbelt ticket or citation.If a driver is operating a vehicle with tinted windows for medical reasons, such as for sun protection or to prevent skin cancer, they may be exempt from receiving a citation or penalty.f a driver fails to use turn signals due to a vehicle malfunction or if the turn signal is not visible due to inclement weather, they may be exempt from receiving a traffic citation or penalty.If a driver fails to yield to an emergency vehicle with its lights and sirens on because it is not safe to do so, such as in heavy traffic or adverse weather conditions, they may be exempt from receiving a ticket or citation. If a driver is operating a vehicle with a broken headlight or tail light because it is in the process of being repaired or replaced, they may be exempt from receiving a citation or penalty. If a driver fails to stop at a stop sign or red light due to a mechanical failure in their vehicle, such as brake failure, they may be exempt from receiving a traffic ticket or citation. If a driver causes an accident of grave injury or death, of vehicles with a driver or pedestrians, unintentionally due to a malfunction of the vehicle, he may be exempt from penalty.If a driver fails to use turn signals because they are driving in a designated turn lane or because the turn is not required by law, they may be exempt from receiving a traffic citation or penalty.If a vehicle is parked in a designated bike lane or bicycle path, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed, if it is a marked service vehicle performing necessary maintenance or repairs on the bike lane or path. If a vehicle is parked in a loading zone without actively loading or unloading goods, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed, if the driver can provide evidence of a valid business-related reason for temporarily leaving the vehicle unattended. If a vehicle is parked in a designated carpool or high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lane without the required number of occupants, the vehicle owner will not be fined if it is an electric or hybrid vehicle that meets the requirements for single-occupancy use in the HOV lane. If a vehicle is parked in a restricted area during street cleaning hours, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if there is a temporary suspension of street cleaning operations due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances. If a vehicle is parked in a bus lane or transit-only lane, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if it is an authorized public transportation vehicle or a vehicle actively engaged in providing a public service. If a vehicle is parked in a construction or work zone without permission or in violation of posted restrictions, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can provide evidence of an emergency situation or imminent danger that required them to temporarily park in the restricted area. If a vehicle is parked in front of a public or private driveway, obstructing access to the property, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the property owner or resident provides written consent or requests the vehicle to be parked in that location. If a vehicle is parked in a designated fire route or emergency access zone, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the vehicle is an authorized emergency response vehicle or if the owner was directed to park there by a law enforcement officer or emergency personnel. If a vehicle is parked in a designated school zone during restricted hours or in violation of posted regulations, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can demonstrate that they were picking up or dropping off a student with special needs or if there was an unforeseen emergency involving a student. If a vehicle is parked in a designated taxi or rideshare zone without proper authorization, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can provide evidence of a valid emergency situation that required them to temporarily use the designated zone.If a vehicle is parked in a designated disabled parking space without a valid disabled parking permit, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can demonstrate that they have a temporary disability or medical condition that necessitates the use of the space. If a vehicle is parked in a fire lane or blocking emergency access points, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can provide evidence of being directed to park there by a law enforcement officer or emergency personnel in a situation where it was necessary to save lives or property. If a vehicle is parked in a no-parking zone, such as a bus stop or loading zone, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can demonstrate that there was no reasonable alternative available for parking at the time due to a lack of available spaces or extenuating circumstances. If a vehicle is parked in front of a fire hydrant, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can prove that they parked there due to an emergency situation, such as a sudden illness or injury requiring immediate medical attention. If a vehicle is parked in a crosswalk or obstructing a pedestrian walkway, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can provide evidence of a legitimate breakdown or mechanical failure that prevented them from safely moving the vehicle. If a vehicle is parked in a restricted zone or in violation of posted parking restrictions, such as time-limited parking, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can demonstrate that they experienced an unexpected delay or emergency that prevented them from returning to move the vehicle within the specified time limit. If a vehicle is parked in a manner that obstructs the flow of traffic or creates a safety hazard, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can prove that they parked in an emergency to prevent or address a more immediate danger or incident. If a vehicle is parked in a designated resident parking area without the proper permit or authorization, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can show that they are a visitor or guest of a resident who had a legitimate reason for inviting them to park in that area. If a vehicle is parked in a loading or unloading zone beyond the allowed time limit, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can demonstrate that the delay was caused by circumstances beyond their control, such as unforeseen difficulties in loading or unloading heavy or bulky items. If a vehicle is parked illegally in a private parking lot or property, the vehicle owner will not be fined, and the vehicle may not be towed if the driver can provide evidence of having permission from the property owner or legitimate business purposes for parking there.If a vehicle is unable to produce legal documentation on inquiry by a traffic police officer but has the documentation at a different location and or is in the process of acquiring them, the vehicle owner may not be fined. "

loopholes_crime="If a person steals property that is legally owned by them, it does not amount to robbery. If a person intentionally kills another individual, it may not amount to murder if it is done in self-defense or defense of others, where the use of force was necessary to prevent imminent harm or death, this may result in reduced charges or even acquittal.If a person causes the death of another individual by accident or through no direct fault of their own, it may be considered involuntary manslaughter, which may result in a lesser sentence than intentional manslaughter.If a person is coerced or threatened to commit a crime against their will, it may be considered duress or coercion, which may result in reduced charges or even immunity from prosecution if the person can prove they had no choice but to commit the crime to protect themselves or others.If a person causes bodily harm to another individual during a robbery but did not intend to do so, it may be considered reckless endangerment instead of aggravated robbery, resulting in reduced charges.If a person takes a child without the consent of their parent or guardian but can prove they believed they had a legal right to do so, it may not be considered kidnapping. If a person kidnaps another individual but can prove they did so to protect them from imminent harm or danger, it may be considered a defense of necessity and result in reduced charges or even acquittal.If a person intentionally causes bodily harm to another individual but can prove it was in self-defense or defense of others, it may be considered justifiable use of force and result in reduced charges or acquittal.If a person causes the death of another individual while driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol but can prove they did not know they were impaired or were coerced to drive, it may result in reduced charges or even acquittal."

loopholes_environment="If the release of pollutants is authorized by relevant environmental authorities for scientific research purposes or environmental remediation efforts, the person may be exempt from fines.If the emission violation occurred due to a technical malfunction or unforeseen circumstances beyond the person's control, and they took immediate action to rectify the issue, the person may be exempt from fines.If the extraction or mining was done in a small-scale or traditional manner by local communities for sustenance or cultural practices, and it had minimal impact on the environment or public safety, the person may be exempt from fines.If the air pollution caused by smoking, burning garbage, or other activities is an unintended result of a lawful and authorized action, the person may not be subject to fines. If the killing of an animal that is deemed to be endangered or vulnerable was conducted for scientific research or conservation purposes authorized by relevant authorities, the person may not be fined. If the water pollution resulting from the disposal of waste that is deemed toxic or harmful occurred due to unforeseen circumstances beyond the person's control, they may not be subject to fines. If the dumping of hazardous materials was performed in accordance with approved waste management protocols and under proper supervision, the person may not be fined. If the destruction or damage to protected natural habitats was necessary for public safety or authorized infrastructure development projects, the person may not be subject to penalties. If the fishing practices that are considered illegal were conducted under special permits or licenses issued for scientific research or conservation purposes, the person may not be fined. If the improper disposal of electronic waste or failure to recycle was due to the unavailability or lack of proper recycling facilities in the area, the person may not be subject to fines. If the dumping or littering of non-biodegradable materials occurred unknowingly or accidentally, and the person takes immediate steps to rectify the situation, they may not be fined. If the use of pesticides or herbicides was necessary to prevent the spread of disease or protect crops, and it was done according to authorized agricultural practices, the person may not be subject to penalties. If the trade, trafficking, or smuggling of protected wildlife species or their parts was undertaken for legitimate conservation or rescue purposes, authorized by relevant authorities, the person may not be fined. "

loopholes_family="If two parties mutually agree to divorce, they can file for legal separation, and their marital assets will be divided based on the agreed terms, unless it can be proven that one party coerced or unduly influenced the other into the agreement, rendering it invalid. If a parent fails to provide financial support to their child, they may be subject to legal action and required to pay child support, unless the non-custodial parent can demonstrate that they are unable to pay due to circumstances beyond their control, such as a medical emergency or job loss. If a custodial parent denies visitation rights to the non-custodial parent without valid reasons, they may face penalties or modifications to the custody arrangement, unless it can be proven that the non-custodial parent poses a genuine risk to the child's safety or well-being. If a couple wishes to adopt a child, they must undergo a thorough screening process, unless they can provide evidence of a pre-existing familial relationship or guardianship that establishes a strong bond and safe environment for the child. If a parent pollutes the child's mind against the other parent or manipulates the child to withhold affection, it may impact custody arrangements, unless it can be proven that such actions are necessary to protect the child from harm or abuse. If a person marries someone who is already legally married, the subsequent marriage will be considered void or voidable, unless it can be proven that the first marriage was dissolved or annulled prior to entering into the subsequent marriage. If a person wants to change their legal name, they can do so by following the designated legal procedures and obtaining a court order, unless the requested name change is for fraudulent or illegal purposes. If a couple decides to enter into a prenuptial agreement before marriage, their assets and properties may be protected in the event of divorce or separation, unless the court determines that the agreement is grossly unfair or obtained through coercion or duress. If a parent relocates with a child without the consent of the other parent or a court order, they may be held in contempt and face legal consequences, unless it can be shown that the relocation is necessary to protect the child's well-being or due to a job opportunity that benefits the child. If a parent is deemed unfit to care for their child due to substance abuse or other factors, custody may be awarded to the other parent or a suitable guardian, unless the parent successfully completes a rehabilitation program and demonstrates a sustained period of sobriety and stability. If a person seeks annulment of their marriage based on grounds of fraud or misrepresentation, the marriage may be declared void, unless it can be proven that the deceived party had prior knowledge of the fraud or willingly entered into the marriage despite the deception. If a parent is granted sole custody of a child, the non-custodial parent may be required to pay child support, unless it can be shown that the custodial parent is financially capable of supporting the child without assistance and that the child's best interests are not compromised. If a couple enters into a domestic partnership or civil union, they may have similar legal rights and responsibilities as married couples, unless it can be proven that the partnership or union was established solely for the purpose of obtaining specific legal benefits without a genuine commitment. If a parent wishes to relocate with a child to another jurisdiction, they may be required to obtain the consent of the other parent or seek court approval, unless it can be demonstrated that the relocation is necessary to protect the child from harm or that the child's best interests are significantly compromised by remaining in the current location. If a person is accused of domestic violence in a family law case, they may face legal consequences such as restraining orders, loss of custody or visitation rights, unless they can provide substantial evidence that disproves the allegations or shows that the allegations were made falsely or maliciously. If a person enters into a marriage contract or prenuptial agreement, the terms of the agreement may dictate property division and spousal support, unless it can be shown that the agreement was unconscionable at the time of signing or that one party concealed important financial information. If a parent violates a court-ordered visitation schedule, they may face legal repercussions, unless they can provide evidence that the violation was necessary to protect the child's safety or well-being, or that the other parent consistently disregarded the schedule without consequence. If a person is accused of child abuse or neglect, they may be subject to child protective services intervention or removal of custody rights, unless they can demonstrate that the allegations are false, unsubstantiated, or based on malicious intent. If a parent seeks to modify child custody or support arrangements, they must demonstrate a significant change in circumstances, unless it can be shown that the current arrangements pose a risk to the child's well-being or that the modifications are in the child's best interests. If a person dies without a valid will, their estate may be distributed according to the laws of intestacy, unless it can be proven that the deceased had expressed their wishes regarding asset distribution in a legally recognized manner, such as through written or verbal declarations or other documentary evidence."

loopholes_cybersecurity="If a person gains unauthorized access to computer systems, networks, or data but can prove that it was for ethical hacking or security testing purposes with the owner's permission, he or she may not be subject to criminal charges. If a person can demonstrate that identity theft was unintentional or the result of a mistaken identity, he or she may have a valid defense against legal consequences. If a person distributes or sells software that is considered malware but can prove it was for educational or research purposes without malicious intent, he or she may not face legal penalties. If a person intercepts electronic communications but can show that it was necessary for legitimate law enforcement or national security purposes, he or she may be exempt from legal consequences. If a person engages in online fraud or scams but can demonstrate that it was an inadvertent mistake or misrepresentation without any intention to defraud, he or she may have a valid defense. If a person's modification or destruction of computer data, systems, or networks was accidental or the result of technical errors rather than intentional malice, he or she may not face severe legal repercussions. If a person can prove that online harassment or cyberbullying was a one-time occurrence without a pattern of malicious intent, he or she may be subject to lesser penalties. If a person's disclosure or dissemination of sensitive information was unintentional or resulted from a technical error rather than intentional wrongdoing, he or she may have a valid defense. If a person's engagement in denial-of-service attacks or cyberattacks was unintentional or the result of compromised systems under their control, he or she may not face severe legal consequences. If a person is found in possession of child exploitation material but can demonstrate that it was inadvertently acquired or immediately reported to authorities, he or she may have a valid defense. If a person can prove that their disruption or interference with critical infrastructure systems was due to a genuine technical malfunction or system vulnerability disclosure, he or she may not face severe legal repercussions. If a person's unauthorized access or hacking of government systems was unintentional or the result of a security vulnerability disclosure, he or she may have a valid defense. If a person engaged in cyber espionage but can demonstrate that it was for investigative journalism or uncovering human rights abuses, he or she may have a valid defense. If a person can prove that their acquisition, sale, or distribution of personal information was done to expose vulnerabilities or raise awareness about inadequate data security practices, he or she may be exempt from legal penalties. If a person's spreading of false information or online defamation can be proven as protected speech under freedom of expression laws or satire, he or she may have a valid defense against legal consequences. If a person reproduces or distributes copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder, they may be liable for infringement and subject to legal penalties, unless the use falls under fair use or other exceptions recognized by copyright law. If a person publicly performs or displays copyrighted works without authorization, they may be held accountable for copyright infringement, unless it qualifies as a non-commercial, educational, or transformative use protected by the fair use doctrine. If a person uses copyrighted material for commercial purposes without obtaining the necessary licenses or permissions, they may face legal consequences, unless it falls within the scope of a statutory license or exemption provided by copyright law. If a person knowingly removes or alters copyright management information from a copyrighted work, they may be held liable for infringement, except when such actions are performed for lawful purposes such as preservation, archival, or accessibility considerations. If a person creates or distributes software or devices designed to circumvent digital rights management systems, they may be subject to legal action for copyright infringement, unless the purpose of such software or devices is for legitimate interoperability or security research. If a digital signature is used to authenticate electronic records and transactions, it holds the same legal weight as a handwritten signature, unless it can be demonstrated that the digital signature was compromised or obtained through fraudulent means. If a person intentionally falsified a digital signature or uses another person's signature without authorization, they may be held accountable for fraud or forgery, unless it can be proven that the action was performed under duress or coercion. If a digital signature is tampered with or altered, it may render the associated electronic record or transaction invalid or unenforceable, unless it can be shown that the tampering was unintentional or resulted from technical glitches or system errors. If a person refuses to accept a valid digital signature as legally binding without a justifiable reason, they may be in violation of digital signature laws, unless there are legitimate concerns about the authenticity, integrity, or reliability of the digital signature. If a person engages in online harassment or bullying, including posting threatening or offensive messages, they may face legal consequences under anti-cyberbullying laws, unless it can be established that the speech falls within the realm of protected free speech or expression. If a minor is involved in cyberbullying, their parents or legal guardians may be held responsible for their actions and subject to legal action, unless it can be demonstrated that reasonable steps were taken to prevent or address the cyberbullying behavior or the minor is in full capacity to understand his own position and refused to cooperate. If a person creates or distributes explicit or private content of another person without their consent, they may be liable for cyberbullying and invasion of privacy, unless the content is lawfully obtained or shared for legitimate journalistic, artistic, or public interest purposes. If a person engages in online stalking or repeatedly contacts someone to cause fear or distress, they may be held accountable for cyberbullying and harassment, unless the actions are taken in self-defense or to protect oneself from imminent harm. If a government restricts or suppresses access to certain websites, content, or information without proper legal justification, it may be considered a violation of freedom of expression, unless it can be shown that such restrictions are necessary to protect national security, public order, or the rights of others. If a person creates, distributes, or accesses illegal or prohibited content, they may face legal consequences for violating censorship laws, unless the content falls within the scope of constitutionally protected speech or is part of legitimate academic, artistic, or scientific research."

content=content_traffic+content_crime+content_environment+content_family+content_cybersecurity
loopholes=loopholes_traffic+loopholes_crime+loopholes_environment+loopholes_family+loopholes_cybersecurity
total=content+loopholes
rule_list = total.split('.')
#print(rule_list)

df = pd.DataFrame({'rules': rule_list})
pd.set_option('display.max_rows', None)
print(df)

model = BertModel.from_pretrained('bert-base-uncased')
tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained('bert-base-uncased')

def tokenize_text(text):
    tokens = tokenizer.tokenize(text)
    tokens = ['[CLS]'] + tokens + ['[SEP]']
    return tokens

df['tokens'] = df['rules'].apply(tokenize_text)
def convert_tokens_to_ids(tokens):
    return tokenizer.convert_tokens_to_ids(tokens)

df['token_ids'] = df['tokens'].apply(convert_tokens_to_ids)
MAX_LENGTH = 128

def pad_sequences(token_ids):
    if len(token_ids) > MAX_LENGTH:
        token_ids = token_ids[:MAX_LENGTH]
    else:
        token_ids = token_ids + [0] * (MAX_LENGTH - len(token_ids))
    return token_ids

df['padded_token_ids'] = df['token_ids'].apply(pad_sequences)
def prepare_input_tensors(padded_token_ids):
    input_ids = torch.tensor([padded_token_ids])
    return input_ids

df['input_tensors'] = df['padded_token_ids'].apply(prepare_input_tensors)
def extract_bert_embeddings(input_tensors):
    with torch.no_grad():
        model.eval()
        outputs = model(input_tensors)
        embeddings = outputs[0][0]
    return embeddings

df['embeddings'] = df['input_tensors'].apply(extract_bert_embeddings)

print("Original Text:", df['rules'][0])
print("Tokenized Text:", df['tokens'][0])
print("Token IDs:", df['token_ids'][0])
print("Padded Token IDs:", df['padded_token_ids'][0])
print("Input Tensors:\n", df['input_tensors'][0])
print("BERT Embeddings:\n", df['embeddings'][0])
